And lastly why don't we set up our buttons for each and every card there is going to be button that
initially is going to sit in the bottom of our image container and then we're gonna use a transform
property in fact move it 50 percent off its height so it's sitting exactly in the middle of the image
container bottom border.
Okay.
Now one by one.
First of all I guess we're gonna have to head over back again to a services and for each and every service
we're going to add our service icon essentially our font awesome.
Now remember we did something very very similar for skills.
So again I'm gonna use my finder.
We're gonna head over to the skills and the skills that we're looking for is this particular skills
icon.
So instead of skills course we're gonna name it services.
So it's really up to you.
You can create a new span with a services.
In fact class and then as well add your icons.
In my case I'm just gonna grab this particular one I'm going to copy it.
Then again Let's navigate to services services and then within the services let's find whereas our image
container.
So that's my first card.
And then remember we had the image container and then also we had the service icon.
All right.
Now this is the case where I would like to copy paste it instead of skill icon.
We're gonna call this service icon and for the first one there's gonna be a different icon so I'm gonna
go with mortar Besler or something like that.
I mean I obviously missed pronounced it that I think we can live with that.
So here it's going to be our icon.
Let me refresh and then yeah there it is.
Now of course it doesn't look like much.
There is plenty of work that needs to be done but at least we do have our icon.
So that's step number one.
Now once we have our service icon in fact I'm gonna grab it again like so.
And I think we just need to span because I think for the rest of them we do still have the icon comment
OK let's copy and paste it for the second one.
We're going to go with a home one.
Ok I'm gonna say f a home and there's one thing that I would like to add one more class for my icons
and the icon is f a f w.
Now this particular class in fact makes sure that if they're sitting side by side in fact they all have
the same with.
So since we're gonna add this rounded border as well as the rounder with meaning we're gonna use the
border radius in fact set it to 50 percent so that way we're gonna have this effect of rounded icon.
Well that's the reason why we're gonna add DFA F W because that way we're gonna make sure that all the
icons in fact are displayed exactly the same way.
So let's head over back to our first one and also add this class and this is just coming from font some
documentation and this is not something that I came up with but it's in fact written there.
So let's again select last span and then add over again back to service icon.
And my last icon is going to be this hot mug.
OK so let's write hot mug and then save it.
And if we're gonna have our icon which we don't.
So maybe it was mug hot Mark Hart maybe that's going to work.
And yes I do have my mark right now I do have my icons.
So my issue the amount is in fact done.
We are done with our email.
But then let's head over again back to our services.
And then before we end the services we're going to set up in fact our class war service icon.
So remember the class name it was the service icon and first and foremost when you decide well how are
you going to do our layout.
Because our main goal is following we do have our image container.
And then within the image container we have our image and then also we would like to place the icon
all the way in the bottom right.
And then we're going to use the transform property in fact to move it even lower.
All right.
So if we have position absolute remember that one.
Right.
So we had options for accessing the position absolute.
One using position absolute we need to have some kind of parent container that has position relative
because we would like to place this icon in fact relative to something and we would like to place it
relative in fact to the image container so we can of course head over back here and add for the service
in which container.
Remember we had in fact our class.
Correct.
So for each and every day if that was the parent for the image and the icon we had also class of service
image container.
So if prior to that we had styles already added there of course we would head over back there and add
the style of position relative to that particular class or in this case we haven't add any kind of styles.
So I can just write here above the surface icon service image container and then for this particular
container I'm going to set it as a position relative.
So now when I'm going to set my service icon with position absolute Well it's in fact in a reference
the image container.
OK so let's go with position absolute.
And first let's place it in the bottom line.
Let's say bottom is going to be 50 percent or you know what knowledge just go with zero.
So that's going to sit all the way in the bottom as you can see right now and then let's go with 50
percent left like so and now we have our icon.
Then let's add more styles and eventually like I said we're gonna have to use the transform property
to even move it more.
So let's go with font size.
We're gonna set it as two arms as you can see it is bigger than we also can maybe add some background
here.
The background is going to be secondary color which in fact is my yellow color.
So let's write secondary color like so I do have my background that's working out really well.
And then let's add a little bit of padding so zero point twenty five our hems top bottom zero point
six are am left and right.
And again these values are really up to you if you want more padding if you want different colors.
Go ahead.
You can do it however you'd like.
All right.
And then like I said I would want to make right now my span my service icon in fact around.
Okay.
And the way we do that is in fact by using border radius like so.
And then we just set it up as 50 percent.
All right.
Now we have our icon has around it.
OK.
Now remember again we have the span that is in fact has the padding as well as this border radius of
50 percent.
And then within that span that's when we have our icon.
All right.
Now also what we would like to do is set up the border so let's go with border.
And in this case I would like to have the same border as I have for my background because I would like
to have in fact this layout where I do have my image container and then there's border is in fact that
right now currently for my services info is in fact continuing here.
Right.
That's the layout that I'm shooting for.
So the way we do that is by setting a border.
Again the width is up to you.
I'm going to go with you our yams solid and let's add our primary color.
So let's add primary color.
That's my border.
And that works out really well.
And then what else we have.
Well then we would like to in fact add a color.
All right.
So I'm going to go with color and we're going to go with main dark var main dark white.
So we added the color and then we have the border we have the color.
Why don't we in fact move our icon down.
OK.
That's currently what happens.
Well it is sitting in the bottom of our image container correct.
But you are noticing one thing where it is not sitting actually exactly in the middle.
OK because the actual icon has its own width and height.
So we would like to use the transform property so transform property and therefore transform property
we can use a translate function.
Now within the translate function we can either translate left and right or we can translate it up and
down.
So the first value is going to be the x axis.
So left and right.
So if I'm gonna write minus 50 percent or negative 50 percent what that means is that we're going to
move our icon 50 percent of its own width and height to the left.
Okay I'm sorry with I guess in this case not width and height as you see we moved it 50 percent so now
it is sitting exactly in the center as previously we had already some kind of with on wrong.
Now we moved it 50 percent to the left.
And second I would like to move with 50 percent off its height also done.
So that's going to be our layout where we have the image container and our icon is going to sit exactly
in the middle of the bottom quarter right now if we're gonna go with negative 50 percent well we're
going to move our icon up.
Okay.
And that's not what we want our like to even move it down.
So if we're going to move 50 percent right now our icon is sitting exactly in the center.
Now there's one thing though where I would like to add in fact some kind of box shadow or something
like that for my icon because as you can see it's kind of hard to see here.
The borer in the bottom.
Now if you'd like to course you can leave it and leave it like this.
You don't have to add in fact the border or I'm sorry box shadow properties but I'm going to do that
now I could add it manually myself but I always find it actually the fastest way this way where I have
box shut our generator.
OK.
So we look for this particular website and we write or we have our values.
Now here this is just simply click and change the values.
So let's say if you don't like this particular value you can change it here with these nice buttons.
Right.
So we just keep on clicking on whatever we would like.
So we have horizontal length than we have of course vertical block radius.
Then also we have spread and we can change the color how we would like but since I would like to keep
it simple I'm just going to grab these codes and you can right away see that.
You also have your perfect sir setup.
All right so technically you don't have to do it yourself.
So let me select this one and let's head over back here and let's just add a comment of box shadow like
so let's copy paste it and we should have the box shut up again.
If you don't like my box shut of course change these values and just grab this code.
All right.
So you're going to have these range inputs where you can change these values and let's change that.
Now lastly remember when we were working with the service card I also mentioned that there's going to
be some styles for a buck shadow.
So my plan was very simple where the actual card itself has some dark shadow and as I'm hovering I'm
just adding this Berkshire.
OK.
Now the way I did that I just went half with not five pixels arms are 10 pixels I went with let's say
five and five and Blur was two.
Like so then let's grab these three lines of code for the service card let's just copy and paste it.
Now what happens also is I would want that effect to take place over time.
So I would want to happen that instantly.
So the way we do that is in fact again we set up a transform property or I'm sorry transition right.
So transition property and we were just shooting for our variable of VAR and I believe it was made transition.
So now the change happens over time.
So right away we did have our shadow.
But if we're going to add in fact a hover effect so let's write service card however so as we're hovering
over the card I would like to change it.
All right now I'm not going to add right now right away.
All these values are you know what I could probably.
Sorry I'm probably going to go with I don't know.
Back to 10 not hundred but let's say 10 as well as the Blur ideas.
Gonna be fine.
Now again I'm not going to waste your time by changing colors.
I'm just gonna grab these three values.
All right let's copy and paste that.
And now what happens as we're hovering over the card.
In fact we are increasing the box shadow.
Now we do that with using the hover effect.
And the fact that we do have our transition property where we can set up change over time.
All right.
And successful guys we created our services section where we are implementing the card layout.
So we have three cards.
And then depending on the screen size we change the number of columns.
So on a bigger screen we have three columns on a smaller one.
Two columns and then an extra small screen.
We have a one column layout and then also we took a look at the fact how we can set up in fact the and
position absolute where we had our image container.
And we just placed our icon all the way in the bottom of image container used transform property.
We translate function to move it even more.
So now it's sitting exactly in the middle and we have our three cards and now we're finally ready to
deploy our project online.